Hello everyone. First of all, I wish you a warm welcome to How to Rhino community. If you're here, if you're watching this, it means that you're part of our internal How to Rhino school group. And now I'm going to walk you through all the things, all of the most important things that you need to know in order to fully understand how to use this group and how it can benefit you. The first big thing that you need to know is that you can think about this platform as three main important things in one. So the first thing here is the community. This is this tab that we have open right now. And this is the page where you can post, where people can ask questions, where we can jump to help each other out, to help other people. We're going to be active here and we're going to try to answer as many questions as you can. But at the same time, this should be used as a place where you can connect with each other. You can talk about different topics. And if you want to share new ideas, if you want to get feedback on your project and so on. The second thing that you have here is, of course, the classroom. The classroom is located on the top or just next to community. If you open up classroom here, you'll see that we have a lot of content inside of here. For those of you who purchased one of our courses, so whether running for architects, grasshopper complete or running a private course, these are our paid programs. You actually have access to those. When you click, this is where you'll be able to access all of the lessons. These are all of the lessons for the first course running for architects. And that's where you'll be able to go through the content and go through the course material. And for those of you who haven't purchased our courses yet, you'll be able to find free content here as well. Usually in this first section, there's going to be a free course or a free training that you can watch. And I wanted to mention that if you're active in the community, you can actually level up your account. And by leveling up your account, you'll be able to unlock some of these perks and some of these courses that we have prepared for you. More on that a little bit later. Now, the third thing that we have here is, of course, the calendar. So the calendar is the place where you'll see all of the live events that we have lined up. For July right now, we still haven't published the upcoming events. But if you go back, for example, here in June and May, you'll see that we have a lot of events here. You have this option here to modify the view. So you can modify the view so you can see events this way. Or you can actually go to the calendar view and you see the whole 30 days in that month. One important thing to know is that if you want to attend one of these events, if you, of course, have access to them, you can simply click here. And with one single click, you can add this to your Google Calendar, Apple Outlook, or Yahoo Calendar. Simply click here and it's going to take you to your Google Calendar. You'll be able to save this event so you don't miss it out. To sum it up, whenever we have events, we actually have bi-weekly Q&A calls for the whole community. You can save them by just clicking on that event from the calendar tab. Okay, now let me show you how you can create a post in the community here where it says write something. That's where you would click first. And this will open up the short window. On the top, you have titles. You can put like the name of your post or however you want to call it. Now I'm going to simply say a question about V-Ray, for example. And now I'm going to write something here. I have a question about V-Ray lighting. For example, can you help me out? In this case, you're asking a question. Of course, this doesn't have any context. You would want to expand on the context of what type of V-Ray lighting you want to know more about. I just wanted to show you that you can here add an attachment. You can add PDF. You can here add a link. You can add a link to your text. You can put a video as well, either YouTube or Vimeo. And here you can add a poll. You can actually ask people to vote for something if you wish. And you have the ability to create an emoji, whatever emoji you want to have. And then you have the gift options. You can put any kind of fun gifts if you want. And then of course, you have a category where you can select which category this post belongs to. Usually this would be in the discussion and questions. That's the main one. But of course, if you want to share some useful links, you can use the second one, useful resources and links. You have feature requests, bug reports. And of course, you can share your student work here. One very important thing is that if you are our course member, Let's say that you want to ask a question about a V-Ray lighting lesson. You want to ask something specific about this lesson. You can tag this lesson in the post itself, which means that you can simply, before you type V-Ray lighting, you can add this symbol, like the number symbol. And then you'll see that this list will pop up. Now you can just start typing V-Ray and it's going to pop up all of the V-Ray lessons and you can see here V-Ray lighting. And it says here running for active course. But if you want to ask a question about this particular lesson, you simply click here and now it's tagged, which means that now once you post this. We'll be able to click on this and we'll know exactly which lesson you're referring to. This is much easier way to organize the post and to know which lesson you're specifically talking about. Then you simply click post and that's it. And that post will pop up here. For now, I would actually encourage you if your first time here to introduce yourself here in this thread, you can simply click here. It's a first pin post. And here on the bottom, you can see a lot of people here, a lot of community members, they're talking who they are, what they do, and you can post this here so we can create a big network of architects and designers. One of my favorite things about our community is that it's actually gamified. And this means that, as I mentioned before, you can unlock certain courses and certain perks in the community if you're an active member. What does this mean? This means that, for example, you'll see here, we have this leaderboard, like 30-day leaderboard, and you can access these leaderboards on top here. And this leaderboard shows who are the most active people in our community for the last seven days, 30 days, or all time. Okay? Why is this important? Because when you level up, for example, each one of these people, they have their own levels. For example, Nikola is level four. Lassandra is level three. Koala is level four. When you level up, you can actually unlock different parts of the classroom. In this case, you can see. So level two is chat with members. You can send DMs to other members on level two. On level three, you have access to our live events that we do in the community. On level four, you have live events recordings. And then on level four, you have freelancing one-on-one crash course. You can get access to that. Then you get access to level six. So at level six, for example, you would unlock questions and answers. Level seven, consultation call with us. Then you get a level eight extended YouTube tutorials. And then at level nine, you get a 50% discount for any paid course that we have. And you can, of course, see this in the classroom. I'm logged in with a different account here. It's not my admin account. And you can see here we have private course. It means that I don't have access to it. But below, you'll see some of the courses say unlocks at level three, unlocks at level four, unlocks at level five. This means that it can be opened if you get to this level. Level three, level four, level five, six, seven, eight, nine, and so on. These private courses, you cannot unlock. You actually need to purchase them. But all of these other ones you can unlock if you're just active. What does this mean? This means that you get points by getting likes. For example, Walter here, he got 27 points or 27 likes for his posts. That's why he's leveling up. You can see here that he needs 76 points to level up to level 5, for example. It's very simple. If you like somebody's post, simply click a like and that you can like the post, but you can like individual comments as well like this. And that way, these other people are getting more points. And on the flip side, if you want to provide some value, which we of course encourage you to do, you can create your own post. You can share some interesting topics. You can share some interesting events and you can help other people. Whenever somebody has a question, you can actually jump in. For example, here, Rohan provided a solution on how to install Ladybug. However, it says it didn't help. Thanks anyways. But this means that by being helpful, you're getting points and you're leveling up. The whole idea here is that we want to encourage everybody to be collaborative, to actually help each other out. And that way we all learn together. And one interesting thing that we prepared for you guys is that the first place at the end of the month, the person who has the highest amount of points is going to get access for one month in our How to Run Your Premium group. This premium group is actually paid. It's currently $25 a month, but we're probably going to increase this price as we develop it further. And this means that you will get access to one professional workshop per month. You have one mini course per month and you'll be able to get a lot more personal support from us. And this is our thank you for being active in the free community. You can find out more about how to run your premium below here, but this is simply going to be a present for some of you guys who are the most active in the community. And the last thing about communities is that we want to keep it, of course, organized, clean. And if you notice that there's any posts that don't belong here, that are, for example, self-promoting posts or things or spam posts, make sure to report them. You can simply, let's say, click here on the post and on the top, you'll have these three dots and you can simply click here, report to admins that we're going to know that this post needs to be deleted or we need to see what's wrong with it. Now, let me show you the search functionality. In school, you can search on the top bar here through a lot of things at once. You can search through video lessons. You can search through posts, but also through other users. Let's say that I want to know something about Grasshopper. You'll see that we have community posts. Then we have a classroom search. And then we have members, people who mention Grasshopper in their name, description, and so on. That's how you would find information. And usually, if you have a question, I would definitely advise you first search here and see if there's any posts which are similar to yours. And that way we don't have to repeat the same posts. If there is a post that you really like, you can use the notification bell to follow it. This means that you will get notifications once somebody comments on it or there's an update and so on. Let's say that you wanna follow this post, you simply click here and right now there is a bell button turned on, which means that I'm following this post. But let's say there's some other one that I don't follow, let's say this one. Once I click here, that's gonna send me a notification every time there is a new update for this post. It's very important that you know how to control your notifications so you don't get too many notifications. It's going to drive you crazy. For that, you simply click here on the settings button and under notifications, you'll be able to see how often you want to receive notifications from this group. In this case, it says, do you want weekly emails? Do you want daily emails? Do you want every 14 days? You can choose the frequency here. Then you have notification email summary of unread notifications. Again, you can set it however you want it here. Then you have likes. If somebody likes your comments, if there is an admin announcement, I suggest that you keep this on because that way you'll not miss out on the things that we have in the group. And event reminders, I would set this to yes. So make sure that you have the last two set to yes. And then these other ones you can set as you like. When it comes to talking with people on the platform, you'll see here on the top, the messages, that's where you can actually talk with other people. And you can even click on particular person. Let's say I want to talk with Lazar now, and I'm simply going to click on his profile and I'm going to click on chat. And that's going to open up the chat or I want to talk with, let's say Bojana and I'm going to simply click chat and I'll talk with her. I'll say hi. So on. However, if you want to talk with somebody who's not an admin, somebody else from the group, you need to get at least to level two to be able to chat with other people because we want to prevent spam. That's why we have this feature. Getting to level two is quite easy. You just need five points, five likes, everybody can do it. And the last thing I wanted to mention is that this platform has its own application, both on Android and iPhone. If If you are using an Android phone, you can simply install the application on your phone and you'll be able to use the school on your phone. And of course, on Apple, you have the application for iPad or iPhone, and you can use it there as well. I hope that now you have a better idea of how to use our community, how to use the school platform. And if you have any questions, if there's anything that you are not sure about, please let me know below in the comments and I'll get back to you as soon as I can. And of course, if there's any updates, we're going to update this video as well. Take care.